# Dynfin

This project is a webapp for linking news data to stock information. It works by using two APIs, [Finage](https://finage.co.uk/) and [marketaux](https://www.marketaux.com/). The goal of the project is to give users more information regarding how news impacts stocks and companies directly.

## What has been done up to this point

All the frameworks we want to use have been configured: React, Zustand, Tanstack router and query, firebase and tailwindcss.

The overall skeleton for the app has been created and the views have been created and populated with mock data and data from the finage API. We have also implemented authentication for the users (both via github and user accounts).

The app has been deployed.

## What we plan on doing next

We plan on continuing on building the app overall. A big part of this is that we plan on connecting to our other API in order to get the actual news items data.

There is also much more to do in each view to actually make it usable, both in that it contains the data we want and that it is user friendly.

We also have to figure out how exactly we are going to make our API calls as the APIs are very limited in the amount of call we can make. We might have to use some kind of storage in order to make fewer api calls, but that is something we will have to look into moste likely as we reach the end of development

Lastly we have also ran a user evaluation on a mockup that has given us some great ideas for what to change and modify in our end app.

## File structure

In our project directory structure, we organize our files into different directories to maintain clarity and organization. We have our views directory, presenters directory and stores directory. 

The views directory contains files for all the views of our web application. These views represent different pages or screens that users interact with, such as the homepage, company details page, or news browsing page.

The presenters directory store files for all the presenters in our application. Presenters are responsible for handling user interactions and updating the UI accordingly. They often serve as intermediaries between the views and the underlying data logic.

The routes directory holds files related to routing in our application. Routing files define the navigation paths and connect views with their respective URLs.

The stores directory contains files where we set up custom Zustand store hooks for managing state related to various components of our web app. For instance, we have separate store files like browse-store.ts and details-store.ts. These files define Zustand stores for managing states specific to components such as browsing news information or handling details of a company, including fetching data asynchronously and updating the store state accordingly. We handle our application's state management using Zustand. Each view in our application has its own model, which manages the state specific to that view. For example, we might have a model for the news browsing view and another for the company details view.

Our file main.tsx sets up the routing configuration for the React application, creates an App component that wraps the application with routing capabilities, and renders the application into the DOM.

The file routeTree.gen.ts is autogenerated by by TanStack Router and sets up and configures routes for different parts of the application. It establishes a hierarchical structure of routes, defines their paths, and exports a route tree for use in the application.

## Installation

This project utilizes Yarn Plug'n'Play (PnP) for managing dependencies, which offers improved performance and reliability. Please follow the instructions below to set up the project environment and get started.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following installed on your machine:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) (or using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm))
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### Initial Setup

Install project dependencies using Yarn Plug'n'Play (PnP):

```sh
yarn
```

Smart IDEs (such as VSCode or IntelliJ) require special configuration for TypeScript to work when using Yarn Plug'n'Play (PnP). The editor SDKs and settings can be generated using:

```sh
yarn dlx @yarnpkg/sdks vscode vim ... # Generate both the base SDK and the editor settings
yarn dlx @yarnpkg/sdks # Update all installed SDKs & editor settings
```

## Development

To start the development server, run the following command:

```sh
yarn dev
```

### Running Firebase Emulators

Firebase emulators provide a convenient way to develop and test Firebase features locally on your machine. Instead of interacting with production services, you can run emulated versions of Firebase Auth and Cloud Firestore.

To start the Firebase emulators locally, run the following command:

```sh
yarn firebase emulators:start
```

### Formatting Code

To format the code using Prettier, run:

```sh
yarn format
```

### Linting Code

To lint the code using ESLint, run:

```sh
yarn lint
```
